PREVIOUSLY ON "THE HAVES
AND THE HAVE NOTS"...
THIS ISN'T GONNA LOOK
LIKE SELF‐DEFENSE.
I KNOW.
WE GOT TO FIGURE SOMETHING OUT,
CANDACE.
THEY SAY YOU KNOW HOW TO FIND Q
ON THE TRACKING THING.
OH, YEAH.
HE HAD ALL OF US ON TRACKERS.
SEE. THERE HE IS.
WHAT'S THAT ADDRESS?
THE CANDY CANE COMPANY.
THAT'S A BUSINESS?
I DON'T KNOW.
HEY, COME ON.
TAKE ME OVER THERE.
I'M NOT FEELING SO GOOD.
OH, BABY,
YOU ARE BURNING UP.
‐HOW CAN YOU NOT SEE IT?
‐HEY! HEY!
WHY CAN'T YOU SEE IT?!
YOUR WIFE IS
A COLD‐BLOODED BITCH!
YOU CAN'T BE UPSET
WITH JIM FOR SPEAKING THE TRUTH.
LOOK, YOU HAVE THE POTENTIAL
TO BE THE GOVERNOR,
MAYBE EVEN THE PRESIDENT.
I DID WHAT I HAD TO DO.
WYATT WILL GET IMMUNITY,
AND HE WANTS THE SAME FOR YOU.
HE CARES A GREAT DEAL ABOUT YOU.
YOU ALL RIGHT, Q?
OH, LORD JESUS.
OH.
OH, JESUS.
OH, LORD JESUS.
LORD.
LET HIM GO.
WHAT HAPPENED?
I DON'T KNOW.
TALK TO HER.
WHAT HAPPENED?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHO ARE YOU TO HIM?
I'M HIS GRANDMOTHER.
TAKE A DEEP BREATH.
IS HE ALL RIGHT?
I NEED YOU TO CALM DOWN SO
YOU CAN HELP US HELP HIM, OKAY?
OKAY.
NOW WHAT HAPPENED?
I DON'T KNOW.
ARE YOU HIS
PRIMARY CAREGIVER?
YES.
HE WAS FINE,
AND THEN ‐‐
WAS HE COMPLAINING
OF PAIN?
YES. HE SAID
HIS STOMACH WAS HURTING.
HE WAS TALKING TO ME,
AND I WAS TRYING TO GET HIM HERE
TO THE DOCTOR AND HE ‐‐
HE JUST PASSED OUT.
AND THEN I DON'T KNOW!
OKAY, CATCH YOUR BREATH.
CATCH YOUR BREATH.
LOOK, HAVE A SEAT,
AND WE'LL KEEP YOU POSTED.
HE'S IN THE BEST HANDS.
I'M GONNA SEND SOMEONE OVER
FROM ADMISSIONS.
CAN I GO WITH HIM?
WE'RE GONNA
GET HIM STABLE FIRST,
AND WE'LL SEND SOMEONE
TO GET YOU, OKAY?
OKAY.
NOW, HAVE A SEAT.
OH, LORD JESUS.
LORD JESUS.
‐‐Captions by VITAC‐‐
www.vitac.com
CAPTIONS PAID FOR BY
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS
♪♪♪♪
[ Rapping ]
♪♪ REMEMBER WORKING ON LOW GAZE ♪♪
♪♪ NOW IT'S LOOKING UP
WE GOT TO GET IT OFF THE BLOCK ♪♪
♪♪ AND DO IT UP INSTEAD OF
LEARNING IT THE HARD WAY ♪♪
♪♪ I FINALLY GOT ENOUGH
AND GOT TO SELL MYSELF ♪♪
♪♪ JUST TO GET A BUCK ♪♪
♪♪ JUST TO LIVE A GOOD LIFE
AND TRY TO MAKE IT BETTER ♪♪
♪♪ TO LIVE A GOOD LIFE
AND TRY TO MAKE SOME CHEDDAR ♪♪
[ Muffled ] ♪♪ TO LIVE A GOOD
LIFE AND TRY TO MAKE IT BETTER ♪♪
♪♪ TO LIVE A GOOD LIFE
AND TRY TO MAKE SOME CHEDDAR ♪♪
[ ENGINE SHUTS OFF
AND SONG STOPS ]
YO, B.
HEY.
'SUP, MY MAN?
UH, NOTHING MUCH.
HEY, WHERE YOU BEEN?
YEAH, I, UH...
I GOT TO HANDLE SOMETHING
RIGHT NOW, MITCH.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU GOT
TO HANDLE SOMETHING RIGHT NOW?
LOOK, I GOT SOMETHING
THAT CAN'T WAIT, BRO.
YO, I'VE BEEN BUSTING MY ASS
OUT HERE ALL DAY BY MYSELF.
I KNOW, OKAY? AND I'LL BE BACK
IN A COUPLE OF HOURS.
COUPLE HOURS?
BENNY, LOOK AT ME.
I'M EXHAUSTED.
I CAN'T KEEP DOING THIS
BY MYSELF.
I'M SORRY, MAN.
SO, YOU BROUGHT ME ON TO DO
ALL THE WORK? IS THAT HOW IT IS?
OH. LOOK, IT'S NOT EVEN
LIKE THAT, ALL RIGHT? ALL RIGHT?
WELL, YEAH, THAT'S HOW IT LOOKS
TO ME, ALL RIGHT?
I NEED TO
HANDLE SOMETHING.
YO, LET ME TALK TO YOU
ABOUT SOMETHING, ALL RIGHT?
I AIN'T COME OVER HERE TO DO ALL
YOUR HEAVY WORK FOR YOU,
AND I DON'T KNOW WHERE
YOUR BOY WARLOCK'S BEEN AT,
BUT AIN'T HE SUPPOSED TO BE
HELPING OUT, TOO?
LOOK, MAN!
I GOT PROBLEMS, ALL RIGHT?!
OKAY. I GOT PROBLEMS,
TOO, ALL RIGHT?
WHAT IS ALL THIS?
YO, DON'T ASK!
BENNY, COME ON.
LOOK, MAN, LIKE I SAID,
I GOT TO HANDLE SOMETHING.
YOU GOT LIME, SHOVEL?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
YO, MITCH,
I GOT TO GO, ALL RIGHT?
BENNY, WHAT ‐‐
YO, MOVE!
I GOT TO ‐‐
MOVE!
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
YOU'RE THE BOSS.
YEAH, YEAH.
[ ENGINE STARTS ]
[ LAUGHS ]
WHAT'S UP?
[ SIGHS ]
OH, YEAH.
WHOO!
WHAT IS WRONG
WITH YOU, MAN?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT, MAN?
WHY ARE YOU SO HYPER?
I'M A HAPPY MAN.
THERE'S NOTHING
TO BE HAPPY ABOUT.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
OUR PARENTS ARE IN JAIL.
EXACTLY! AND THAT IS
A REASON TO CELEBRATE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ CELLPHONE VIBRATES ]
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
HELLO?
JENNIFER: Hi, Wyatt?
Is that you?
YES.
HI, D. A. SALLISON.
So, I just wanted you to know
that you passed your drug test.
HMM.
YOU SOUND SURPRISED.
No, I'm not.
I TOLD YOU I WOULD.
Okay, well, I will be
faxing over the request
to the president of the bank
and calling him in the morning,
so you should go in
and talk to him.
OKAY, THANK YOU.
And make sure
that you keep me posted
on everything that goes on.
I'LL SEE YOU SOON.
Okay, and listen ‐‐
Your mother
will be getting out soon,
so you may want
to get out of there.
OKAY, I'LL BE OUT
IN THE MORNING.
Okay, great.
That's a good idea.
OKAY, I'LL TALK
TO YOU LATER.
Okay.
YES!
WHAT WAS THAT ABOUT?
YES, JEFFERY!
THIS.
WHAT?
LOOK AT THIS BABY.
YOU SEE THIS BABY
RIGHT HERE?
WHAT?
I'M GONNA BUY IT TOMORROW.
[ CHUCKLES ]
THAT'S AN EXPENSIVE CAR.
YEAH.
YEAH, IT IS.
MAN.
SO, YOU GOT THE MONEY.
HELL, YEAH, I DID.
[ SCOFFS ]
TOMORROW.
IT'S NOT A GOOD THING,
WYATT.
WILL YOU STOP ACTING
LIKE AN OLD MAN?
THIS IS GREAT.
LOOK AT THIS.
SO, WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO
WITH ALL THAT MONEY?
YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
SEE. SEE, THAT'S WHY
YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE IT.
YOU DON'T THINK
I SHOULD HAVE ANYTHING, JEFFERY.
THAT'S A LOT OF MONEY.
YEAH.
AND I'M A LOT OF MAN.
WHAT?
HEY, HEY, LET'S
TAKE A TRIP, ALL RIGHT?
I'M GONNA GET
A PRIVATE JET.
WE'LL GO TO BRAZIL.
THE WOMEN THERE, MAN.
[ EXHALES DEEPLY ]
[ Laughing ] WHOO.
I DON'T ‐‐
WAIT, DIDN'T YOU JUST SAY
YOU WANTED TO GO SOMEWHERE?
I DON'T THINK YOU NEED
TO BE GOING ANYWHERE.
OH, I'M GOING SOMEWHERE.
WELL, I'M NOT GOING
WITH YOU.
WHY NOT?
BECAUSE.
BECAUSE I'M NOT GOING
WHERE THE BOYS ARE.
OH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
BECAUSE THERE'S NO
GOOD‐LOOKING GUYS IN BRAZIL.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YEAH, THAT'S ‐‐
THAT'S IT.
CAN WE ‐‐ CAN WE JUST TALK
ABOUT THIS, PLEASE?
"CAN WE JUST TALK
ABOUT THIS, PLEASE?"
YOU'RE ACTING LIKE
SUCH A BITCH, JEFFERY.
IT'S A LOT OF MONEY,
WYATT.
YEAH. IT IS.
AND WE ALL KNOW THAT YOU CAN'T
HANDLE A LOT OF MONEY.
OH, WATCH ME.
WYATT, YOU KNOW
THIS IS NOT GOOD FOR YOU.
YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHAT'S GOOD FOR ME?
I'LL TELL YOU WHAT'S GOOD
FOR ME ‐‐ THE MONEY. NOT YOU.
ALL RIGHT?
I CAN HANDLE THE MONEY.
NO, YOU CAN'T. NO, YOU CAN'T.
I'M TELLING YOU.
WHAT ARE YOU TELLING ME?
HOW'D YOU GET IT?
DOESN'T MATTER.
JUST KNOW THAT I GOT IT.
WHO GAVE IT TO YOU?
WHY?
BECAUSE THERE'S NO JUDGE
THAT WOULD GIVE YOU THAT MUCH
MONEY KNOWING WHAT I KNOW.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
THAT YOU HAVE A PROBLEM.
YOU KNOW WHAT MY PROBLEM IS,
JEFFERY?
IT'S YOU.
THAT'S IT.
OH, STOP IT. STOP IT.
I CARE ABOUT YOU.
YOU LOVE ME.
THAT'S WHAT IT IS.
YEAH. YEAH. YEAH, I DO.
DAMN, MAN!
WHAT? WHAT?!
DAMN.
WHAT?
OUR FRIENDSHIP
WOULD BE SO MUCH BETTER
IF YOU WOULD
JUST STOP THIS.
STOP ALL ‐‐
STOP WHAT?
YOU WISHING
THAT I WOULD LOVE YOU.
IT'S NEVER GONNA HAPPEN.
YOU KNOW WHAT, WYATT?
I DON'T WISH THAT YOU WERE
IN LOVE WITH ME.
I WISH
YOU LOVED YOURSELF.
WHY? WHY SHOULD I
WHEN YOU LOVE ME ENOUGH?
NO, IF I LOVED YOU ENOUGH,
YOU WOULDN'T BE DOING THIS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M JUST GONNA GO TO A HOTEL.
HEY, ARE YOU STILL
AT THE SARANDON?
YEAH.
I'LL BE THERE
TOMORROW MORNING.
HAVE THEM BOOK ME
THE PRESIDENTIAL SUITE.
[ SCOFFS ]
YEAH, WHATEVER.
THIS ISN'T A GOOD THING.
YES, IT IS.
WE'RE ALL ADULTS, JEFFERY.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M GONNA GET OUT OF HERE.
OKAY.
[ ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ]
♪♪ WHOA, YEAH ♪♪
I GOT 12 MILLION REASONS
TO CELEBRATE.
AND I'M STARTING
NOW, BABY!
♪♪ YEAH ♪♪
WHOO!
[ LAUGHS ]
COME ON, MAN!
WHOO!
CAN I BORROW
YOUR PHONE, PLEASE?
WHERE'S YOUR PHONE?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
♪♪ LOOK AT ME,
I AM FREE ♪♪
♪♪ CAN'T YOU SEE
I'M ON FIRE ♪♪
♪♪ LOOK AT ME,
I AM FREE ♪♪
♪♪ CAN'T YOU SEE
I'M ON FIRE ♪♪
WHOO!
♪♪ I KNOW WHAT YOU DID TO ME ♪♪
♪♪ THERE'S SOME THINGS
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE ♪♪
♪♪ OOH, I CAN'T BELIEVE ♪♪
♪♪♪♪
[ DOOR UNLOCKS ]
YO, WHO IS THAT?
IT'S ME.
[ SIGHS ]
WE NEED MORE BLEACH.
I BOUGHT SOME.
ALL RIGHT.
THIS FLOOR IS STAINED.
I GOT ONE SIDE THAT'S LIGHTER
THAN THE OTHER.
I SEE.
WELL, YOU NEED
TO GET IT REPLACED.
OKAY. WHAT DID YOU
DO WITH HIM?
CANDACE, THIS IS
YOUR HOUSE, RIGHT?
YES.
NO CON, NO BULL.
BENNY, IT'S MINE.
OKAY, WELL, UH...
I COULDN'T MOVE HIM.
WHAT?
NAH. THAT OLD LADY
ACROSS THE STREET. NAH.
WHAT DID YOU DO WITH HIM?
COME HERE.
WHAT?
HERE.
IN THE YARD, BENNY?
CANDACE,
THE WOMAN ACROSS THE STREET
IS WATCHING THIS HOUSE
LIKE A HAWK.
I KNOW.
YEAH, WELL, DID YOU KNOW
SHE HAD CAMERAS
FIXED ON YOUR FRONT DOOR? HUH?
YEAH, SO NEXT TIME
YOU GO OUTSIDE, LOOK.
NO.
YES.
SO THIS IS OUR BEST CHANCE
UNTIL SHE'S DEAD AND GONE.
BENNY, WHAT IF
IT STARTS TO SMELL?
NAH, IT WON'T.
THERE'S LOTS OF PLASTIC.
NO, THERE'S LOTS OF LIME.
HE'S MORE THAN SIX FEET UNDER.
NO.
BENNY.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
[ SIGHS ] YOU CAN GET IN
A LOT OF TROUBLE FOR THIS.
WE BOTH COULD.
BUT WE WON'T.
[ SIGHS ] I'M SORRY,
BUT WHERE DID YOU GET THE TOOLS,
THE LIME, THE PLASTIC?
YOU DIDN'T
GO TO THE STORE.
NO. I MADE A STOP
AT MY TOW YARD.
YOU KNOW,
I'M NOT LIKE ‐‐
I'M NOT, UH, I'M NOT SLOW,
CANDACE. I'M NOT STUPID.
I KNOW YOU'RE NOT STUPID.
I NEED TO TAKE A SHOWER.
WILL YOU WASH THIS
FOR ME?
YEAH.
SHE SAW ME COME IN CLEAN.
AND DID YOU
FIND JEFFERY?
YES.
WHAT'D HE SAY?
UM...HE'S ‐‐
HE'S OKAY.
YEAH? YOU SURE?
YES.
ALL RIGHT. WELL,
DOES HE KNOW I CAME HERE?
NO.
[ SIGHS ]
ALL RIGHT, UH...
WELL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
WHERE IS HE?
HE'S FINE, OKAY?
HE'S WITH WYATT.
OH, AND WHO THE HELL
IS WYATT?
THE CRYERS' SON.
[ SIGHS ]
DID HE TELL THEM?
NO.
ARE YOU SURE?
HE WOULDN'T ‐‐ HE ‐‐
NO.
HE DIDN'T DO IT.
CANDACE, BE DAMN SURE.
I AM.
ALL RIGHT.
I'M GONNA TAKE A SHOWER,
THEN I'M OUT OF HERE.
OKAY.
♪♪♪♪
HI, I'M DR. JACKSON.
HI.
HOW IS HE?
HE'LL BE FINE.
WHAT WAS WRONG?
DID YOU GIVE HIM
HIS MEDICINE?
WHAT MEDICINE?
YOU WEREN'T AWARE?
NO.
HE HAS LUPUS,
AN AUTOIMMUNE DISEASE.
THERE ARE SOME THERAPIES
THAT CAN MAKE HIS LIFE
MORE COMFORTABLE,
BUT HE HAS TO
TAKE HIS MEDICINE.
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT.
NO?
I, UH, I JUST GOT
CUSTODY OF HIM.
OH, OKAY.
WELL, THAT EXPLAINS IT.
CAN I SEE HIM?
HE'S IN I. C. U..
I. C. U.?
IT'S NORMAL.
HE'LL BE FINE.
HE'S ON SOME
REALLY AGGRESSIVE MEDICINE
TO GET HIS PAIN
UNDER CONTROL,
BUT HE SHOULD BE FEELING BETTER
BY THIS TIME TOMORROW.
THANK YOU SO MUCH ‐‐
BUT HE HAS TO TAKE HIS MEDICINE
EVERY DAY, OKAY?
YEAH.
DON'T WORRY.
NOW, UNFORTUNATELY,
THEY'RE NOT COVERED
BY MOST AID PROGRAMS,
AND THEY CAN BE
PRETTY EXPENSIVE.
I CAN GIVE YOU SOME GENERIC
SAMPLES HERE AT THE HOSPITAL,
BUT YOU'LL HAVE TO
BUY THEM.
OKAY.
SO HOW MUCH ARE THEY?
I'M NOT EXACTLY SURE,
BUT THEY CAN BE VERY EXPENSIVE.
WELL ‐‐
AND IT'S VERY IMPORTANT
THAT HE KEPT
IN A CLEAN ENVIRONMENT
TO PREVENT ASTHMA ATTACKS.
HE HAS ASTHMA?
YES, MA'AM.
[ SCOFFS ]
OKAY, I DIDN'T
KNOW THAT, EITHER.
WHERE'S HE BEEN STAYING?
HE SHOULD HAVE
ALL HIS MEDICATION.
HIS ASTHMA PUMP NEEDS TO BE
WITH HIM EVERY MINUTE.
WELL, HE WAS STAYING
AT A HOTEL.
IS IT A CLEAN ONE?
IT'S...IT'S OKAY.
MS. YOUNG ‐‐
I'LL...I'LL GET HIM
OUT OF THERE.
PLEASE.
CAN I SEE HIM?
UNFORTUNATELY,
UNTIL HE'S IN A REGULAR WARD,
I CAN'T LET YOU DO THAT.
WHY NOT?
I'VE VISITED PEOPLE
IN I. C. U. BEFORE.
HE REALLY NEEDS HIS REST,
AND HOSPITAL POLICY IS VISITORS
CAN'T BE IN THIS AREA.
THERE ARE A LOT OF SICK CHILDREN
IN THIS WARD.
SOME ARE ON LIFE SUPPORT
AND ARE BEING PROTECTED
FROM ABUSIVE PARENTS.
YOU UNDERSTAND.
YES.
OKAY.
SO I WON'T BE ABLE
TO SEE HIM AT ALL?
NOT UNTIL TOMORROW.
WHY DON'T YOU GO HOME
AND TRY TO RELAX?
I WON'T BE ABLE
TO DO THAT.
I'M GONNA SIT RIGHT HERE
ALL NIGHT
AND WAIT FOR THIS BABY.
WELL, DO YOU WORK?
YES.
UNFORTUNATELY, YOU WON'T BE ABLE
TO SEE HIM UNTIL TOMORROW.
WHY DON'T YOU GO TO WORK
AND MAYBE IT'LL HELP
TAKE YOUR MIND OFF IT?
I PROMISE YOU.
HE'S IN THE BEST HANDS.
AND HE'LL BE ASLEEP
FOR HOURS,
SO HE WON'T WAKE UP
LOOKING FOR YOU. I PROMISE.
YOU PROMISE?
YES, MA'AM.
WE'LL TAKE CARE OF HIM.
I CAN'T LEAVE HIM HERE.
MS. YOUNG. GO.
HE'S OKAY.
WE GOT HIM.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
I'M GONNA BE BACK
TOMORROW.
YES, MA'AM.
PLEASE.
BRIGHT AND EARLY.
OKAY.
YES, MA'AM.
WE'LL CALL YOU
IF ANYTHING CHANGES.
[ KNOCK AT DOOR ]
WHAT AM I DOING IN HERE?
I NEED YOU TO TELL ME
WHERE YOU LIVE.
WHY AM I STILL IN HERE?
BECAUSE I'M NOT LETTING YOU OUT
UNTIL YOU TELL ME.
WHY THE HELL NOT,
DAVID?
YOU KNOW SHE'S PLAYING GAMES
WITH MY PHONE CALL,
AND I WANT
TO GET OUT OF HERE.
THEN TELL ME
WHERE YOU LIVE.
WHY DO YOU WANT
TO KNOW THAT?
VERONICA, YOU NEED
TO GIVE ME SOMETHING
THAT WE CERTAINLY
DON'T HAVE ANYMORE,
AND THAT'S TRUST.
NO.
THEN YOU ARE
STAYING IN HERE.
NO, I'M NOT.
BECAUSE YOU'RE GONNA
GET ME OUT.
NO, I WILL NOT.
YOU KNOW WHAT, DAVID?
YOU AND JENNIFER ARE PLAYING
THESE GAMES, AND I DON'T ‐‐
OH.
IT'S YOU AND MAGGIE.
NO.
PLANTING STORIES
AND PICTURES AND ‐‐
OH, YOU WAIT TILL I GET MY HANDS
ON THAT BITCH.
IN ORDER FOR HER
TO PLANT THOSE PICTURES,
THEY HAD
TO HAVE BEEN TAKEN.
YOU HAD TO HAVE DONE IT.
NOW, I AM TRYING
TO PROTECT YOU.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
YOU'RE TRYING TO SPEND TIME
WITH MAGGIE DAY.
[ SCOFFS ]
HOW'S IT GOING?
ARE YOU ENJOYING HER?
HAVE YOU SCREWED HER YET?
ARE YOU GOING TO TELL ME
WHERE YOU LIVE?
WITH MY MAN.
THE MAN
IN THE PHOTOGRAPH.
DOES THAT UPSET YOU?
YOU'RE ALREADY
LIVING WITH HIM.
I WALK IN THE DOOR
ON MY KNEES.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING,
DAVID?
I WANT TO TELL YOU MORE
ABOUT MY MAN, HONEY!
DON'T LEAVE!
Don't leave.
♪♪♪♪
COME ON.
WHERE ARE MY KEYS?
DAMN IT.
[ SIGHS ]
WELL,
ARE YOU GONNA KNOCK?
THERE'S WAY TOO MUCH ACTION
GOING ON OVER THERE.
WAY TOO MUCH.
SO, WHAT'S YOUR NAME, SON?
WHY?
BECAUSE I DON'T LIKE IT.
THIS IS
A QUIET NEIGHBORHOOD.
OR IT WAS
UNTIL SHE MOVED IN
WITH NO HUSBAND IN THAT BIG, OL'
MODERN MESS OF HOUSE.
[ SIGHS ]
SHE SHOULDN'T BE HERE.
SHE'S RUDE, TOO.
SO, ARE YOU GONNA KNOCK?
SHE'S IN THERE.
BUT SHE'S IN THERE
WITH TWO MEN.
TWO MEN?
SHE'S IN THERE
WITH TWO MEN.
WELL, THREE NOW,
WITH YOU.
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
I SAW THEM.
I SAW THEM GO IN THERE.
AND I SAW ONE MAN
GO IN THERE ‐‐
HE WAS DRIVING
A WHITE CAR,
AND THEN YOU CAME OUT,
AND YOU GOT IN THAT CAR,
AND YOU DROVE OFF,
BUT HE NEVER CAME OUT.
AND THEN ANOTHER MAN
CAME, AND NOW THEY'RE BOTH
IN THERE WITH HER.
SO WHAT'S GOING ON
WITH HER, SON?
IS SHE
A LADY OF THE EVENING?
'CAUSE WE DON'T WANT THAT
IN OUR NEIGHBORHOOD.
WE DON'T, AND I WON'T
STAND FOR IT.
THAT HOUSE IS WAY TOO MODERN
FOR THIS NEIGHBORHOOD, ANYWAY.
I NEVER DID LIKE IT.
SO?
ARE YOU GONNA KNOCK?
SHE'S IN THERE NOW
WITH THOSE TWO MEN RIGHT NOW.
THOSE TWO MEN.
MY SON IS
ON THE POLICE FORCE.
HE IS!
[ SCOFFS ]
[ KNOCK AT DOOR ]
COME IN.
BRANDON.
PLEASE, JUST, UH,
CALL ME OSCAR.
OSCAR, HAVE A SEAT.
SO, WHAT'S GOING ON?
I HAVE ANOTHER PROBLEM.
WELL, I THOUGHT SO
IF YOU CALLED ME BACK IN.
WELL, YOU ARE THE BEST.
I LIKE TO THINK SO.
SO, WHAT IS SHE DOING NOW?
WHO?
CANDACE.
NO, THIS ISN'T ABOUT HER.
OH, OKAY.
THEN WHO ARE WE TALKING ABOUT?
MY WIFE.
I BELIEVE THERE'S
A HIT OUT ON HER.
IS THAT RIGHT?
YES.
WHAT MAKES YOU
THINK THAT?
I HAVE IT
ON GOOD AUTHORITY.
WHO SET IT UP?
THAT'S WHAT I NEED YOU
TO FIND OUT.
OKAY, ANY LEADS?
WELL, I WOULD, UH, RATHER
YOU START WITH A BLANK SLATE.
I DON'T WANT
TO SWAY YOUR FINDINGS
IN ANY
PARTICULAR DIRECTION.
OKAY, WELL, I CAN CALL
SOME OF MY CONTACTS, BUT, DAVID,
IN THE MEANTIME,
YOU GOT TO GIVE ME SOMETHING.
WELL, I WAS TOLD
THAT SHE SHOULDN'T GO HOME.
BY WHOM?
MAMA ROSE.
YOU KNOW WHO SHE IS?
YEAH.
I KNOW THE FAMILY.
AND THEY'RE BAD NEWS.
YES, THEY ARE,
BUT I'VE ALWAYS FOUND ROSE TO BE
A VERY CREDIBLE SOURCE.
OKAY.
I'LL GET INTO IT.
BUT IN THE MEANTIME,
SHE SHOULDN'T GO HOME,
AND NEITHER SHOULD YOU.
THAT'S THE PROBLEM.
WHAT'S THAT?
I DON'T KNOW
WHERE MY WIFE LIVES.
YOU MEAN
YOU'RE NOT TOGETHER?
IF WE WERE, I WOULD KNOW
WHERE SHE LIVES.
OKAY, WELL, THAT SHOULD BE
EASY TO FIND OUT.
BUT IT WON'T BE.
WHY NOT?
'CAUSE I KNOW MY WIFE.
SHE'S A VERY SHREWD
ATTORNEY.
NOW, I'M SURE SHE BOUGHT A HOUSE
IN THE NAME OF A COMPANY,
PAID CASH,
AND BURIED THAT IN AN LLC.
AND SHE BURIED THE LLC
IN A FAMILY TRUST,
BURIED THAT IN A CORPORATION
BURIED IN ANOTHER TRUST.
YOU SEE
WHERE I'M GOING HERE?
YEAH, I SEE.
MY WIFE IS VERY GOOD
AT PROTECTING HERSELF
FROM THOSE SHE FEELS
MAY COME AFTER HER ASSETS,
INCLUDING HER HUSBAND.
OKAY.
WELL, I'LL GET
RIGHT INTO IT.
THANK YOU.
BUT...MAKE SURE
YOUR WIFE DOESN'T GO HOME.
WELL, SHE CAN'T.
SHE'S IN JAIL.
WAIT. WHAT?
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS FOCUS
ON YOUR ASSIGNMENT.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
SURE.
THAT INCLUDES
ONE MORE THING.
WHAT'S THAT?
I NEED TO KNOW WHO IS
IN THAT PHOTOGRAPH.
DAVID,
IS THIS YOUR WIFE?
THE MAN.
YEAH, I KNOW THAT,
BUT THE WOMAN IN THE PICTURE ‐‐
IS THAT YOUR WIFE?
YES.
DAVID, I'M SORRY.
JUST FIND THE MAN.
I WILL.
THANK YOU.
I'LL BE IN TOUCH.
I KNOW YOU'RE MAD AT ME.
CANDACE ‐‐
I DIDN'T KNOW
HE WAS GONNA COME OVER.
LOOK, I DON'T GIVE A DAMN
ABOUT QUINCY, ALL RIGHT?
YOU KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT I'M MAD ABOUT.
YOU LIED TO ME.
I KNOW.
YEAH, WHY?
BENNY, I REALLY AM PLANNING
ON TAKING THE BAR,
AND I'M REALLY GOOD AT LAW.
I LOVE IT.
YOU KNOW WHAT? DON'T EVEN
GIVE ME THAT, ALL RIGHT?
WHAT I TOLD YOU
WAS SOMETHING THAT I WAS HOPING
I COULD MAKE HAPPEN,
BUT I COULDN'T.
I GOT TO GO.
WAIT.
WHAT?!
THANK YOU.
SURE.
YOU ALWAYS
COME THROUGH FOR ME.
YEAH, WELL, YOU KNOW,
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
BUT I NEED YOU.
[ SIGHS ]
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I NEED YOU.
WHAT IS IT?
THERE'S ONE MORE THING
I NEED YOU TO DO.
THE HELL IS IT NOW,
CANDACE?
IT'S EASY.
IT'S EASY, B.
CANDACE.
LISTEN. LISTEN.
IT'S EASY, AND I KNOW ‐‐
I KNOW HOW YOU CAN MAKE
A LOT OF MONEY.
AW, CANDACE, I DON'T WANT
TO HEAR THAT, ALL RIGHT?
I REALLY DON'T.
YOU OBVIOUSLY
HAVEN'T LEARNED NOTHING,
AND I'M TIRED
OF DEALING WITH YOU.
IT'S THE SAME THING.
SAME OLD SAME OLD WITH YOU
ALL THE DAMN TIME.
IT'S REALLY ALL THE TIME.
ALL THE TIME. YOU NEVER LEARN.
YOU NEVER LEARN.
I JUST BURIED THE SON‐OF‐A‐BITCH
IN THE BACKYARD.
YOUR BACKYARD.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M DONE WITH YOU.
I PROMISE YOU IT'S LEGIT.
[ SCOFFS ]
I PROMISE YOU, BENNY,
YOU CAN MAKE A LOT
OF MONEY ‐‐ MILLIONS.
[ SCOFFS ]
YOU KNOW WHAT?
DAMN YOU, CANDACE.
THEY FOUND THE GUY WHO HIT YOU
AND KILLED THAT LITTLE GIRL.
WHAT?
YEAH. IT'S
IN ALL THE PAPERS.
HE'S RICH.
CRYER.
YEAH, THE SAME ONES.
THESE THE ONES
MOMMY WORK FOR?
MM‐HMM. YEAH.
SHE KNEW THE WHOLE TIME.
NO WAY.
YEAH, SHE KNEW, BENNY.
THAT'S WHY SHE WAS
TALKING ALL THAT CRAP
ABOUT THEM PAYING
YOUR HOSPITAL BILLS,
AND I KNEW THAT THEY WOULDN'T
JUST DO THAT KIND OF STUFF.
ALL YOU HAVE TO DO IS SUE THEM
FOR PAIN AND SUFFERING.
I CAN GET
THE LAWYER ON IT.
YOU CAN GET MILLIONS,
BENNY ‐‐ MILLIONS.
SHE KNEW ABOUT THIS?
YES.
SHE KNEW THAT DUDE HIT ME
AND DIDN'T TELL ME.
YEAH.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
WYATT TOLD ME.
SUE THEM, B.
SUE THE CRYERS,
AND YOU'LL GET MILLIONS.
♪♪♪♪
HERE.
WHAT'S THIS?
YOUR CAR ‐‐
THE ONE YOU TOWED.
WHAT ABOUT IT?
THE ONE THAT HARRINGTON KID
WAS DRIVING.
IT'S GOT BLOOD
ON THE BRAKE PEDALS
AND BLOOD ON THE STEERING
WHEEL ‐‐ MINOR TRACES.
HE SAID HE HIT A DEER.
YEAH, WELL,
WE'RE RUNNING DNA ON IT.
OKAY.
WHO'S IS REGISTERED TO?
LAQUITA MAXWELL.
NUMBER'S ON THERE.
ALL RIGHT, IT'S CLEAN.
NO CRIME
IN MINOR BLOOD SPLATTER.
OKAY. I'LL CALL HER.
ALL RIGHT.
[ Ringing ]
'EY, Q!
QUITA MAXWELL?
WHO IS THIS?
THIS IS
OFFICER GREGORY WELLS.
ALL RIGHT, LOOK.
I DON'T TALK TO NO POLICE.
WE HAVE YOUR CAR.
MY CAR?
Yes.
WHERE IS THAT?
IT'S AT
THE POLICE STATION.
WHAT THE HELL
IT DOING THERE?
It's been impounded.
DO YOU KNOW
A...JEFFERY HARRINGTON?
NO.
WELL, HE WAS DRIVING
YOUR CAR.
HE GOT ARRESTED
FOR A D.U.I.
IN MY CAR?
DO YOU KNOW WHY HE WOULD BE
DRIVING YOUR CAR?
NO.
DO YOU KNOW WHY THERE WOULD BE
BLOOD IN YOUR CAR?
NO.
DO YOU ‐‐
I don't know nothing, okay?
WHEN CAN I COME
GET MY CAR?
YOU CAN COME AND GET IT NOW,
IF YOU CAN.
HE MAY HAVE STRIPPED THE CLUTCH.
IT WAS BURNING PRETTY BAD.
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH,
YEAH, OKAY.
SEE? THEY LIE.
I KNOW SOMETHING UP.
POLICE GOT MY CAR, AND
THE HARRINGTON BOY DRIVING IT.
MNH‐MNH.
SOMETHING UP.
I DON'T KNOW.
AY, DAYLON,
WHERE THE HELL YOU AT, BOY?
COME OUT HERE.
I JUST GOT SOME NEWS.
YEAH.
WHAT KIND OF CAR YOU GOT?
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
THAT'LL DO.
COME ON. I'M ON THE STREET.
I'M WAITING ON THE PHONE. BYE.
[ WATER RUNNING ]
WAR.
YOU'RE RUNNING OUT
OF TIME, BABY.
COME HERE.
[ SIGHS ]
YEAH.
YEAH, I'M WORKING
ON SOMETHING.
WHAT'S THAT?
I FOUND OUT JIM CRYER'S
SON WYATT HIT BENNY,
SO WE'RE GONNA SUE HIM.
YOU ARE?
YEAH, AND GET MILLIONS.
YOU GONNA BE MILLIONS
IN A WEEK, CANDY?
WELL, WAR, YOU KNOW I ‐‐
[ SIGHS ] YOU KNOW
IT'S NOT GONNA TAKE A WEEK.
YOU ONLY GOT A WEEK.
CAN'T YOU GIVE ME
A LITTLE BIT MORE TIME?
I TOLD YOU THAT AIN'T
GONNA HAPPEN.
OKAY.
YOU GOT ONE WEEK,
AND YOU KNOW ‐‐
I KNOW.
I'M DEAD.
NO, YOU GONNA RUN.
I WON'T RUN.
YEAH, YOU WILL.
I KNOW YOU.
I'M GONNA GET IT.
I WON'T RUN.
AND IF YOU DO...
I KNOW. YOU'LL FIND ME,
AND I'M DEAD.
NO.
YOUR BROTHER IS.
WHAT?
[ SCOFFS ]
COME ON.
IT'S ME.
YOU LYING TO ME, CANDY.
YOU LOST EVERYTHING.
WAR, ME, YOU, AND BENNY GO BACK
TO WHEN WE WERE KIDS.
I NEVER LIED TO YOU.
I KNOW.
AND I COVERED FOR YOU.
AND WHEN THEY WERE AFTER YOU,
I PROTECTED YOU.
AND YOU DO THIS TO ME?
I'M HURT.
I'M SORRY.
I TOLD YOU
NOT TO SAY THAT.
I KNOW.
YOU WERE LIKE BLOOD
TO ME, CANDY.
NOT NO MORE.
YOU CAN JUST CHANGE ON ME
LIKE THAT?
YOU KNOW ME.
I DO KNOW YOU.
AND YOU KNOW
I DO NOT MAKE THREATS
WITHOUT FOLLOWING THROUGH
ON THEM.
YEAH, I KNOW.
THAT'S WHY YOU CALLED ME
TO TAKE DOWN THAT CRYER CLOWN.
I KNOW.
OKAY?
OKAY.
I'M GONNA MISS
THAT SWEET ASS.
WHAT YOU GOT ON
UNDER THERE?
WHAT WAS DOING
IN THE BATHROOM?
TAKING A SHOWER.
WELL, YOU FINNA TAKE ANOTHER ONE
'CAUSE I WANT TO WATCH.
LET'S GO.
COME ON, CANDY.
♪♪♪♪
I'M SO SORRY, DAVID.
I SHOULDN'T
HAVE DONE THIS.
I SHOULD HAVE THOUGHT
ABOUT THIS. I ‐‐
TAKE YOUR CLOTHES OFF.
WHAT?
TAKE...YOUR CLOTHES...OFF.
[ GASPS ]
[ SHOUTS ]
[ MOANING ]
♪♪♪♪
MM.
[ SIGHS, CHUCKLES ]
OH, WOW.
YEAH.
WAS IT ALL YOU IMAGINED?
MM. MORE.
MM. ME, TOO.
YOU'RE A MAD MAN.
WELL, I DO
GET CARRIED AWAY.
[ GIGGLES ]
MAGGIE...
UH, YOU KNOW, WE REALLY SHOULD
TALK ABOUT HOW WE JUST ‐‐
[ Giggling ]
I DON'T HAVE ANY DISEASES.
I DIDN'T THINK SO.
NOR DO I.
STILL...IT'S FOOLISH OF US
NOT TO USE PROTECTION.
YOU'RE ON THE PILL?
NO.
WHAT? IT WOULDN'T BE SO BAD
TO HAVE YOUR KID.
MAGGIE. DON'T.
DAVID, NO ONE
WOULD HAVE TO KNOW.
I DON'T WANT
ANOTHER CHILD.
OKAY, I'LL, UM...
I'LL GET THE PILL
FOR THE MORNING AFTER.
THANK YOU.
WOULD YOU LIKE ME TO HANDLE THAT
FOR YOU? GETTING IT?
[ SCOFFS ] NO.
I'LL GET IT.
OKAY. YOU SURE?
[ SCOFFS ]
WHAT, DO YOU NOT TRUST ME?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
DON'T ANSWER THAT.
I WOULDN'T BE HERE
IF I DIDN'T TRUST YOU.
WHY ARE YOU HERE?
MY MARRIAGE IS OVER.
VERONICA AND I
ARE GETTING A DIVORCE.
OH. I'M SORRY, DAVID.
OH, YEAH.
YOU'RE SORRY?
DON'T SMILE
WHEN YOU SAY IT.
I'M SORRY.
I CAN'T HELP IT.
HEY, IF VERONICA WANTS TO SLEEP
WITH ANOTHER MAN AND LET ‐‐
[ GROANS ]
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT IT.
YEAH, NO. LET'S ‐‐
LET'S NOT. LET'S NOT. OKAY?
OKAY. I'M GONNA GET UP.
NO. NO.
OKAY?
DAVID. NO.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
I'M GOING TO MY ROOM.
DAVID.
MAGGIE.
I DON'T KNOW.
THIS WAS...
A MISTAKE.
[ SCOFFS ]
I DON'T KNOW. PERHAPS.
BUT YOU ENJOYED IT.
THAT'S NOT THE POINT.
YES, IT IS.
HOLD ON.
I WAS ANGRY,
AND I USED YOU.
YOU DESERVE
BETTER THAN THAT.
OH, DAVID, USE ME AGAIN.
MAGGIE.
COME ON.
I LOVE THE WAY YOU USED ME.
MM.
STAY IN BED.
NEXT ON "THE HAVES
AND THE HAVE NOTS"...
YOU NEED TO LEAVE.
AND I'M NOT LEAVING
UNTIL I HAVE MY MONEY, HONEY.
I'VE SEEN THE PROOF.
YOU NEED TO TALK
TO YOUR WIFE.
I'M GOING TO
TALK TO YOU FIRST.
I HAVE HAD
A FRONT ROW SEAT
TO THE DESTRUCTION
THAT HAS FALLEN ON THIS HOUSE,
AND UNTIL YOU REPENT,
YOU WILL ALWAYS BE IN HELL.
JEFFERY COULDN'T WAIT
TO TESTIFY AGAINST YOU.
HE WOULDN'T TESTIFY
AGAINST HIS FATHER, BUT YOU ‐‐
HIS GUN IS LOADED.
WE'RE GONNA ASK YOU
A FEW QUESTIONS,
AND DEPENDING
ON HOW YOU ANSWER THEM
DETERMINES HOW YOU WILL
WALK OUT THAT DOOR.
YOU CAN'T PARK HERE, AND IF YOU
DO, I'M CALLING THE POLICE.
GO!
LEAVE ME ALONE!